Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? Under the terminal tab, there should be codes appear.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 

What do you think the program did with what you typed?

The program appeared  the code I typed inside about what is my favourite color. 

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. There is a print"color" shows in the next line. 

What do you think the color = input() will do? It will appear the answer to the previous question that what is my favourite color. 

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
nope


Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. It showed more lines about this python code than main2.

What is happening on lines 11–14? It showed the option to the answers that I typed, if the color is red, it showed correct; if the color is not red, then it showed sorry and try again. 

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? Because the program will show the different reaction to the correct answer and the wrong one. 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? It will showed sorry try again. 

What does this tell you about "color"?
The answer is red as written in the main2 py. but it must to tbe capitalized. 


Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It still have the code about the different reactions that when typing the answers. But it showed more about the capitalized Red or red. 
What problem is this trying to solve? 
It is trying to solve the problem that the first word of Red is capitialized, even type red can be correct. 
Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It still showerd wrong,it is not correct. 


Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? as long as it showed the 3 words, it can be correct. 

What problem is it trying to solve? It is trying to slove the capitalized r e d. 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?

It showed that it is wrong and not in the correct form. 

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? It add more correct form of red including lower and strip. 

What would you guess .strip() is doing? It will add the answer of space before the word red. 

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?

Add the "-" in front of red. 

Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? It add more codes to this program, such as pink will be a close answer but still not the right answer. 

What is the purpose of line 11? In order to let the answer can be considered as correct in all ways. 

Run the program and answer the question.



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? The answer must be red, but the form of red does not matter. 

Why are lines 12–19 indented? It showed the program about the answer to what is my favourite color.

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? It showed error. 

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? It add the count about how many answers can be typed to reach a correct answer. 

What is the purpose of “count”? To calaulate the times you try. 

What is happening on line 22? It will showed the number of the tries. 

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit?